OK.
So next up we're going to focus on what's called the show route.
All that it does is retrieves information about a specific to do and in our case that might seem kind
of silly because we're already retrieving all the information for all the to do here.
So why would you need the same amount of information just for one.
And yeah that's a good question.
Typically though imagine that we had comments and tags and other things associated with to use what
we might not retrieve all of the comments here.
Maybe all we want is just the name of the tatoos and a link to get more information about the tattoos
and then if we request that link we can get all of the associated comments and tags.
So we're going to go through with this structure even if it's not all that practical in this case.
It's good to see how to do it.
And the biggest change here.
So it's a GET request to slash API slash to do or to use that's a typo but more importantly this after
the slash the colon to do ID.
So that's a placeholder for the actual ID generated from Mongo.
So something like this and we're going to use that ID to look up the particular information that relates
to that to do.
So we'll be able to take this Id say and ask Mongo to go find the to do that has that Id send all the
info back to us and then Wilson that back is Jason.
So its going to be a router get but the path is no longer just slash are now going to do colon to do
ID if you're not familiar with that colon.
It's very common syntax across all different frameworks.
It defines something as a path variable.
So it's not going to be matching slashed to deuse slash API slash to do Id only it actually will match
that but it will match anything afterwards.
Basically is a blank says Put whatever you want there as long as it comes.
It starts with a slash to do such API.
So router does get and then to do ID function requestion response.
And in here all we need to do is look up to do.
And the way we do that is DV to do and rather than create it rather than find there's a shortcut find
by id and then the question is how do we get this idea out of the euro.
It's under request harams dot to do Id.
So if we had another thing in here like Slash I don't know day we could also have request up tramstop
day.
So perhaps we'll be filled with whatever the route variables are will get.
So we're going to find based off of that ID and then do our same then.
And if it finds it to do we're just going to rez Jaison that to do.
And you can call this found to do to make that easier to just understand.
And then we have our catch and we'll do function error.
Same thing read send error OK.
So we'll go ahead and test this out to restart the server again.
And if I go to my index page and look at all of our dues I can just copy you from one of them excuse
me copy the ID and tag that on here.
And I should get information about that particular to do.
Now of course you're not going to actually be doing this manually copying and pasting.
You would have code that would do it.
So for example we might have a blog page and our blog would have a bunch of titles and you know a couple
line preview of every post and you could click a link that would then go request more detailed information.
And so it would take the idea here and make an automatic Ajax request to go get the complete blog post
that would come back and then it would be inserted onto the page.
So you would have code that is taking this ID for you somewhere and then sending it off and getting
a response.
So we're done with the show route.
Very simple really the only new thing these Raut prams and the request up harams in order to access
the value of that otherwise is pretty much the same pattern.
We have a router deck get and then we have our mongoose and then we have to then catch.